then the people of the land took jehovah
then the people of the land took jehovah has the son of Josiah and made him King
has the son of Josiah and made him King
has the son of Josiah and made him King in his father's place in Jerusalem
in his father's place in Jerusalem
in his father's place in Jerusalem jehovah has was 23 years old when he
jehovah has was 23 years old when he
jehovah has was 23 years old when he became king and he reigned three months
became king and he reigned three months
became king and he reigned three months in jerusalem now the king of egypt
in jerusalem now the king of egypt
in jerusalem now the king of egypt deposed him at Jerusalem and he imposed
deposed him at Jerusalem and he imposed
deposed him at Jerusalem and he imposed on the land a tribute of 100 talents of
on the land a tribute of 100 talents of
on the land a tribute of 100 talents of silver and a talent of gold then the
silver and a talent of gold then the
silver and a talent of gold then the king of Egypt major her has brother
king of Egypt major her has brother
king of Egypt major her has brother Alaric him king over Judah and Jerusalem
Alaric him king over Judah and Jerusalem
Alaric him king over Judah and Jerusalem and changed his name to Jehoiakim and
and changed his name to Jehoiakim and
and changed his name to Jehoiakim and Nico took jehovah has his brother and
Nico took jehovah has his brother and
Nico took jehovah has his brother and carried him off to egypt Jehoiakim was
carried him off to egypt Jehoiakim was
carried him off to egypt Jehoiakim was 25 years old when he became King and he
25 years old when he became King and he
25 years old when he became King and he reigned 11 years in Jerusalem and he did
reigned 11 years in Jerusalem and he did
reigned 11 years in Jerusalem and he did evil in the sight of the Lord his God
evil in the sight of the Lord his God
evil in the sight of the Lord his God Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against him and bound him in bronze
against him and bound him in bronze
against him and bound him in bronze fetters to carry him off to Babylon
fetters to carry him off to Babylon
fetters to carry him off to Babylon Nebuchadnezzar also carried off some of
Nebuchadnezzar also carried off some of
Nebuchadnezzar also carried off some of the articles from the house of the Lord
the articles from the house of the Lord
the articles from the house of the Lord to Babylon and put them in his temple at
to Babylon and put them in his temple at
to Babylon and put them in his temple at Babylon now the rest of the acts of
Babylon now the rest of the acts of
Babylon now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim the abominations which he did
Jehoiakim the abominations which he did
Jehoiakim the abominations which he did and what was found against him indeed
and what was found against him indeed
and what was found against him indeed they are written in the book of the
they are written in the book of the
they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah
then JA Hayek in his son reigned in his
then JA Hayek in his son reigned in his place Jehoiakim was 8 years old when he
place Jehoiakim was 8 years old when he
place Jehoiakim was 8 years old when he became King and he reigned in Jerusalem
became King and he reigned in Jerusalem
became King and he reigned in Jerusalem 3 months and 10 days and he did evil in
3 months and 10 days and he did evil in
3 months and 10 days and he did evil in the sight of the Lord at the turn of the
the sight of the Lord at the turn of the
the sight of the Lord at the turn of the year
year
year King Nebuchadnezzar summoned him and
King Nebuchadnezzar summoned him and
King Nebuchadnezzar summoned him and took him to Babylon with the costly
took him to Babylon with the costly
took him to Babylon with the costly articles from the house of the Lord and
articles from the house of the Lord and
articles from the house of the Lord and made Zedekiah Shahi Ockham's brother
made Zedekiah Shahi Ockham's brother
made Zedekiah Shahi Ockham's brother King over Judah and Jerusalem
King over Judah and Jerusalem
King over Judah and Jerusalem Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became
Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became
Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became King and he reigned 11 years in
King and he reigned 11 years in
King and he reigned 11 years in Jerusalem he did evil in the sight of
Jerusalem he did evil in the sight of
Jerusalem he did evil in the sight of the Lord his God and did not humble
the Lord his God and did not humble
the Lord his God and did not humble himself before Jeremiah the Prophet who
himself before Jeremiah the Prophet who
himself before Jeremiah the Prophet who spoke from the mouth of the Lord and he
spoke from the mouth of the Lord and he
spoke from the mouth of the Lord and he also rebelled against King
also rebelled against King
also rebelled against King Nebuchadnezzar who had made him swear an
Nebuchadnezzar who had made him swear an
Nebuchadnezzar who had made him swear an oath by God but he stiffened his neck
oath by God but he stiffened his neck
oath by God but he stiffened his neck and hardened his heart against turning
and hardened his heart against turning
and hardened his heart against turning to the Lord God of Israel moreover all
to the Lord God of Israel moreover all
to the Lord God of Israel moreover all the leaders of the priests and the
the leaders of the priests and the
the leaders of the priests and the people transgressed more and more
people transgressed more and more
people transgressed more and more according to all the abominations of the
according to all the abominations of the
according to all the abominations of the nation's and defile the house of the
nation's and defile the house of the
nation's and defile the house of the Lord which he had consecrated in
Lord which he had consecrated in
Lord which he had consecrated in Jerusalem
Jerusalem
Jerusalem and the lord god of their fathers sent
and the lord god of their fathers sent
and the lord god of their fathers sent warnings to them by his messengers
warnings to them by his messengers
warnings to them by his messengers rising up early and sending them because
rising up early and sending them because
rising up early and sending them because he had compassion on his people and on
he had compassion on his people and on
he had compassion on his people and on his dwelling place but they mocked the
his dwelling place but they mocked the
his dwelling place but they mocked the messengers of God despised his words and
messengers of God despised his words and
messengers of God despised his words and scoffed at his prophets until the wrath
scoffed at his prophets until the wrath
scoffed at his prophets until the wrath of the Lord arose against his people
of the Lord arose against his people
of the Lord arose against his people till there was no remedy
till there was no remedy
till there was no remedy therefore he brought against them the
therefore he brought against them the
therefore he brought against them the king of the Chaldeans who killed their
king of the Chaldeans who killed their
king of the Chaldeans who killed their young men with the sword in the house of
young men with the sword in the house of
young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary and had no compassion on
their sanctuary and had no compassion on
their sanctuary and had no compassion on young man or virgin on the aged or the
young man or virgin on the aged or the
young man or virgin on the aged or the weak he gave them all into his hand and
weak he gave them all into his hand and
weak he gave them all into his hand and all the articles from the house of God
all the articles from the house of God
all the articles from the house of God great and small the treasures of the
great and small the treasures of the
great and small the treasures of the house of the Lord and the treasures of
house of the Lord and the treasures of
house of the Lord and the treasures of the King and of his leaders all these he
the King and of his leaders all these he
the King and of his leaders all these he took to Babylon and they burned the
took to Babylon and they burned the
took to Babylon and they burned the house of God broke down the wall of
house of God broke down the wall of
house of God broke down the wall of Jerusalem burned all its palaces with
Jerusalem burned all its palaces with
Jerusalem burned all its palaces with fire and destroyed all its precious
fire and destroyed all its precious
fire and destroyed all its precious possessions
possessions
possessions those who escaped from the sword he
those who escaped from the sword he
those who escaped from the sword he carried away to Babylon where they
carried away to Babylon where they
carried away to Babylon where they became servants to him and his sons
became servants to him and his sons
became servants to him and his sons until the rule of the kingdom of Persia
until the rule of the kingdom of Persia
until the rule of the kingdom of Persia to fulfill the word of the Lord by the
to fulfill the word of the Lord by the
to fulfill the word of the Lord by the mouth of jeremiah until the land had
mouth of jeremiah until the land had
mouth of jeremiah until the land had enjoyed her Sabbath's
enjoyed her Sabbath's
enjoyed her Sabbath's as long as she laid desolate she kept
as long as she laid desolate she kept
as long as she laid desolate she kept Sabbath to fulfill 70 years now in the
Sabbath to fulfill 70 years now in the
Sabbath to fulfill 70 years now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia that
first year of Cyrus king of Persia that
first year of Cyrus king of Persia that the word of the Lord by the mouth of
the word of the Lord by the mouth of
the word of the Lord by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled the Lord
Jeremiah might be fulfilled the Lord
Jeremiah might be fulfilled the Lord stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of
stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of
stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia so that he made a proclamation he
Persia so that he made a proclamation he
Persia so that he made a proclamation he threw out all his kingdom and also put
threw out all his kingdom and also put
threw out all his kingdom and also put it in writing
it in writing
it in writing thus says Cyrus king of Persia all the
thus says Cyrus king of Persia all the
thus says Cyrus king of Persia all the kingdoms of the earth the Lord God of
kingdoms of the earth the Lord God of
kingdoms of the earth the Lord God of heaven has given me and he has commanded
heaven has given me and he has commanded
heaven has given me and he has commanded me to build him a house at Jerusalem
me to build him a house at Jerusalem
me to build him a house at Jerusalem which is in Judah who is among you of
which is in Judah who is among you of
which is in Judah who is among you of all his people may the Lord his God be
all his people may the Lord his God be
all his people may the Lord his God be with him and let him go up
with him and let him go up
with him and let him go up [Music]